
Limitless
Ryan Kagy shared a moment with you.

09:38 PM: Nice man. Yeah, um first thing that comes to mind is Da like could definitely use some help with the base creators chapters, like the global chapters network. Um, I just put out the West Africa and South Africa um documents and we just had our first uh meetings for both of those chapters yesterday and today. So they've just been founded and like this would be like a good opportunity for us to kind of like think about like how are we going to be working together on the the global like kind of chapter network level as well. because that's about like the intake of creators and also like having like a real physical presence across like cities and universities around the world where like we're going to be onboarding like creators directly from the source, you know, into this ecosystem. Um

09:39 PM: Yeah.

09:39 PM: It sounds interesting. I'm more than happy to check that out and see what I can contribute to that.

09:39 PM: Yeah, so like what you can do for that would be like if you take a look at BNI.com, this is like the reference web 2 like off chain offline reference for what we're building like a version of. Like we've gone and like just kind of modified it for a decentralized web 3 roll out. Um and what we could really use is just an app that connects together the members of each chapter and essentially just substitutes the BNI app for this base creators like chapter app where like they'll be able to just go in and like for each weekly meeting, they can have like, you know, the secretary can take the minutes uh or there's an AI that will just like listen to the the meeting and like automatically transcribe minutes and the secretary can like be in control of that AI. Uh, you know, the the people who are members of the chapter can submit their uh their referrals to each other where like, you know, one of the core things that each chapter will do is enable creators and builders and like different people to submit referrals to each other to like either collaborate or pass business like from like a musician to an artist or, you know, whatever it may be. Um and so like that's one of the core things that we'd want to track in the app is like when someone submits a referral to another creator, it would be done through the app. There would be like, you know, I'm submitting a referral for this other member of my chapter or even a member of a different chapter. Um, you know, and like here's the client, here's the warm lead, here's the contact and here's what it's about and it would also enable whoever receives that referral to mark it as like, you know, successful where like if that client comes through and like actually does business, then they can they can have a successful referral.

09:41 PM: So like a CRM?

09:41 PM: Like I would say even more simple than a CRM. Like a single a single column pipeline CRM. Like almost like bare it's not even going to show you like any of the features of CRM. It's literally just for one tracking one uh pipeline move from a generated referral to a successful referral uh for each chapter's like members between each other. And it's just like really a way to gauge the activity of each members to see like are they passing referrals to each other and are those referrals successful so that it makes it easier for the secretary of each chapter to be like, uh, here's the standout members that are all passing the most referrals and here's the ones that are passing successful referrals to each other. Um, it's really just a tracking mechanism.

09:42 PM: Yeah, sounds simple enough. So you want us to sort of create that or is this just like an idea right for now?

09:42 PM: I'd say like it would be a good idea for us to like create the bare bones version of this as like an MVP because also Pizza Dow is interested in doing something with this app where um once we get the MVP, like one of the features that I'd like to build is a Discord bot integration that would enable uh like breakout rooms to be like automatically set up for like this the purpose of uh the first 15 minute networking sessions or whenever whenever essentially somebody like or organization such as Pizza Dow wants to enable their members to like automatically get matchmade into breakout rooms on Discord where it will just like give you a new set of people every week to talk to. Um that's kind of one of the the features that we want to build out is this breakout bot on Discord that would kind of like enable members to do like maybe groups of three members at a time.

09:43 PM: Yeah, that's um the Discord bot bot sounds like pretty cool because I've already worked on a few Discord bots. So that sounds like right up my alley. But uh yeah, I'll definitely check out maybe I can make the MVP for it, but give me a favor with just like a super minimal write up on it just in the chat on TT with and then uh I can go from there pretty much.

09:43 PM: Okay, and like one more thing and I've got my AI assistant like taking notes. So I've got all of this like ready to go into like our our list here. So I'll just include this last bit here. Um it'll be a way for the the regional chapters to kind of manage the local chapters and for people to find a chapter and join a chapter and to found a chapter. So like it'll be like just kind of the bare bones way to just like submit a form that says that you're interested in joining or you're interested in starting a chapter. Um and give the like an overview like it doesn't even have to be an admin panel, just like a publicly accessible region based way to show what local chapters have been spun up in each region and then also what regions are in each country. So same thing that is like at the BNI app. Like I'll give examples of all of this stuff because like it's already in existence across this existing app and we'll just kind of clone it and make a very bare bones version of it. So yeah, I'm going to get a write up and like some like wire frames and like prototypes and stuff into just like a maybe like a Figma or like something would probably make the most sense. Um and then I'll get that over to you.

09:45 PM: Yeah, super sick, man. This sounds like an interesting idea.

09:45 PM: Awesome, yeah. And then we've already got Pizza Dow interested in like integrating this and we're going to bootstrap their existing global pizza network of like they've already got pizza hosts in cities around the world that we're going to be kind of like combining the creator network with the pizza network so that like we can add more creators to their network and then they can run pizza events with our network and it's like it's a win-win because like then we have contacts of pizzerias in every uh city that we can like do business with for each like weekly meeting or like event that we want to feed creators or feed the visitors with like free pizza. And like that could be something that we use as an attraction for people to come in and just like, you know, hang out and vibe and like yeah, it's just a really good co-marketing move for us early on to to be partnered with Pizza Dow because of how connected Pizza Dow is.

09:46 PM: Yeah, they their connections with.

09:46 PM: Yeah, like honestly, that's how we got our incubator with uh Pizza Dow because we saw Fracton had sponsored a Pizza Dow event and we were just we randomly just out of the blue were like, let's look into the sponsors of Pizza Dow to see who can potentially sponsor our events. So I was like going through the list and Fracton was like number two on the list and I haven't even gotten be beyond that because I went and looked them up and they were like, we fund creators, we fund people who are building for creators. I'm like, we're the creators, dude. They should fund us. Like so I I like I like, you know, just sidetracked myself and forgot about what I was doing with like making a list of potential sponsors and like got us in the incubator. I now I need to get back to that. I need to get back to making a list of potential sponsors from essentially just like copying the homework of Pizza Dow because they've already been like doing it. Like they've already been great getting great sponsors for a long time. And so if we just like kind of like cheat off their homework, be like, here's the ones to reach out to like these are ones with money to spend like to promote their shit. Like, you know, it's kind of an easy list. So.

03:11 PM: We lost you. I think you're on mute again.

03:11 PM: Oh, sorry, I accidentally um muted. Uh but yeah, like like I was saying, um yes, making sure that we we we capture our audience. Anyone who comes through for our event, you know, feels like, you know, feels welcome. You know, base is always a welcoming, you know, ecosystem and we have to show them that that base is for everybody and you know, they can benefit from all the different platforms that are there. So it would be very amazing to just see different types of real life events starting from you know, just pizza meetups or coffees to actual full on um onboarding parties. So yeah, I think uh we can definitely confirm and clarify with the others as well, you know, if they have anything any any suggestions.

03:12 PM: ran. Your GM ran. Welcome back.

03:12 PMRyan Kagy: Hey, GM. Uh sounds like some really great stuff being discussed here on uh how we can like get some really focused events going on like onboarding creators. That's really great.

03:13 PM: Yeah, so we actually been going through the documents and like um choosing who's going to take which role and was writing things down. So I don't know if she's reading through read it out for you.

03:13 PM: Okay, I'll do that. Yeah, I'm keen to do that quickly. Um so we have our council member nominations as it stands. We decided to take the route of nominating people who we see fit and also just gauging everybody's capacity. Um so we have happiness as secretary, but she's not present right now. Uh we have for president, Iman for vice president. is I think a distributor. publicist have a role, myself and um we have to do a lot of like in real life events curator ecosystem building. Um and then myself also I'll do publicist. Um we're still yet to figure out social media manager because Iman

03:14 PM: we thought Iman would be that. The at first I was vice president and me and I was like, no, I can't be vice president. So he's changed some things. Um, he's also put down as education lead. We have Sam put down as treasurer. We have a couple of people who are to be confirmed, but um, their names are Truth, Elijah, and DJ Zestus.

03:14 PM: And then we're going to have set up our X account. And then rightly found us in our discussion is basically, yeah, how are we activating all this? Obviously, we're going to have like follow up meetings to iron out roles, um, and how we activating this online on on the ground and how we see it like coming to life basically.

03:15 PM: Great. Thank you so much for the overview there. And um, really great, really great progress here and like um, yeah, happy to discuss on that. So yeah, let me know um, in terms of like enabling that kind of stuff. Like I definitely have some some thoughts on how we can kind of roll out and um, you know, but yeah, I'll kind of like uh open the floor real quick on, you know, just kind of resuming any conversation that we were just having on that. Um, I think you were mentioning, you know, having creator specific events that we would be running IRL.

03:15 PM: And that's very similar to what I was thinking of having the regional chapters start first, um, putting together the support structure for the region and then running local events and local chapters. And the idea with the local chapters was going to be essentially finding universities, large major cities, um, you know, really hubs of where you're going to find um a lot of artists and creators, um, that are not yet even online or on chain at all.

03:16 PM: Um, and then having local uh chapters where we can either have a very similar type of chapter structure with um, you know, 30 to 50 members per chapter and you know, it's creators that are supporting each other and um, you know, running education and onboarding activities in that local area. Um, or it can be something that, you know, maybe the regional chapter is putting on a specific event um in that area as like a one time or or a repeating event that is really just geared at onboarding creators and then they can find more information at the regional chapter level.

03:16 PM: Um, so it really just depends on how we feel if there is room for a local chapter uh in the local economy, if there's like a large city that we've identified maybe in the next month or so of, you know, planning this out that it make if it makes sense to kind of make a physical location, um, beyond just the virtual meetup of, you know, most of these regional chapters are going to be virtual meetups here in Discord so that we can just coordinate the entire country or the entire region of a country together at once.

03:17 PM: Um, and then the local ones, I guess are going to be more for like when we identify like a really like high per capita area of creators that we want to be onboarding um an entire city or an entire university of creators that are, you know, um that we can establish kind of a home base in that area for that region that would be accessible for people who are not online, not on chain, that they come and attend in a weekly uh space that we would like help to organize and find the venue at like um, you know, a hotel conference room or uh restaurant or um, you know, some kind of community center uh that we would organize and, you know, get together with the city or the university um to get that, you know, planned out and and and kind of plotted out for the year.

03:18 PM: And we would just do that on a yearly basis in each region to help those chapters to find their venues, um, so that there can be like a weekly event where creators can always find the chapter, you know, they can always find support uh in their local neighborhood.

03:18 PM: So I'll go ahead and open up the floor to uh thoughts on that and and how we want to proceed any questions on like kind of that and how we might enable that or uh, yeah, uh I'll kind of let you guys have some uh questions on that.

03:19 PM: Hi Ryan. Um, college college really really good. And um, I I think that um, we we are ready here in South Africa to even to onboard our city. We have access to a whole bunch of uh creators who are ready and willing to, you know, to jump on board and we've been onboarding already. So um, I just feel like we get them in our virtual meetups, do a little bit of awareness creation and education and then um, we can definitely do um um in real life events. And then South Africa also is a is a big hub. I think I'm going to call speak for herself. South Africa is where I want to be that.

03:19 PM: So I lived there for six years. So um, yes, I think you can can continue with uh with the creator um, you know, um vibes in South Africa.

03:19 PM: Yeah, um I think the same applies here. We have quite a bit of creator hubs in in South Africa and I think that um what and I um because uh we have already preemptively been thinking about how we are attaching uh base to culture. So um because we are in separate cities, I'm in Johannesburg, she's in Lusaka. There's also Cape Town. Um but we're we're basically trying to see how we could firstly have uh a format that we can kind of replicate number one, like a simple mechanic or format when we do establish okay these events will be happening.

03:20 PM: Um and what our call to action will be. Um I personally think starting small, not small small but like I don't know. Testing the waters. having our most our minimal viable kind of event to see how it works. Um but I think in terms of how I see it activating in in in SA is it's just identifying creator hubs um in that's that's also a student space. I think and once we figure out what our onboarding mechanic is, then we can also start figuring out what our call to action is to bring people to the party and basically have this not just be a party itself but also an opportunity for education um on creative independent uh independence startups, music, so on and so forth. Just activating the creator economy virtually and physically.

03:21 PM: Great. Yeah, that sounds like a really good kind of plan that we've already kind of fleshed out a little bit and I can see kind of the vision here where, you know, we've got these regions where we're propping up um the support structure for local events and in the next few weeks what we can do is kind of study those, you know, those cities, those universities, those kind of local hubs and think about what would be the most effective onboarding uh

03:22 PM: a strategy and event for that area and just start doing some tests like like like you said, testing the waters. Um it's very similar to kind of how we're structuring the uh the chapter setup where we're going to be doing an interest group first to just gauge interest and make sure that we have enough people on board to start the region. Um once we know that we have enough people to start a regional chapter, then we kind of hit go on that, start the regional chapter, and then we start the process of how do we identify now local chapters where we start kind of really getting into the cities and the towns and the the universities that might be those hubs and just analyzing them to see what's going to be the best one for a local event or local chapter where we can kind of put our footprint down uh as a region first. Um you know, and I think that's that's a really good way of thinking about like, you know, between uh Zambia and South Africa, um, you know, there's two really big hubs uh in cities, you know, or you know, kind of locations that we can be analyzing uh to start out with and you know, figure out what would be kind of the best way of moving forward. We can start talking with those cities and, you know, universities about would there be a space for us? Like, you know, can we get some partnerships going with those cities and universities to um get us a location and a venue um where, you know, we can come and host these events on a weekly or bi-weekly or monthly basis. Um and really just see like what negotiations we can start um to really be bringing more economy to those cities, bringing more uh, you know, revenue to those cities. Like, you know, it's it's a good way for us to work hand in hand with the cities to be kind of growing um the economy and saying like, you know, if you if you give us this space, like we'll be able to um, you know, provide really a vital service to artists and musicians and writers in this city. Um or like, you know, the same with a university, you know, speaking with them about how, you know, if you give us this, you know, space, you know, once a week, uh we'll be able to really support your students as they're graduating to get them out into the job market and provide them with, you know, postgraduate support or even, you know, pre-graduate training in like, you know, uh internships opportunities. So there's a lot of really great things that we can do since we're connected through, you know, the base creators decentralized agency, you know, we'll have clients and IPs and brands launching on base that'll come and, you know, need client work done on an agency level and that's something that you know, globally and locally and regionally, we can be um, you know, training university students on how to join a creative agency, how to use their skills in the workplace, you know, um, how to be an independent creator as well. Like these are all things that are different opportunities. Um, but yeah, I think that if we go to these cities and universities next as one of our next steps and say, what space can you make available for us in return for us, you know, really trying to concentrate a lot more economic power on the creators of this city. Um that might be a good next step for us.

03:26 PM: Well, that sounds really, really great, Ryan. Um, I think it's a great initiative. Um, we have access to um three universities here in Lusaka. Um, that is the University of Zambia. We actually use um um their venues um for our workshops. We also have um the University of Lusaka and we also have um Open Window University, which is actually um a university famous to creative. So, um, I definitely see this possible. Um, if if it's even meaning that you you have a meeting with, you know, their their their admin, you know, their staff. I think it's it's definitely possible to organize space and I think they'll be really definitely willing to to participate as well.

03:27 PM: Yeah, because then if we have the universities participating, then they can even be sending, you know, artists, musicians, writers, like of various different creator types um to the program as a way to get, you know, um they can even offer like course credit for if they do internships with like, you know, the agency, they can offer course credit for volunteering in events where um maybe they learn about some of the education that we're doing at these events as a volunteer side of things where we teach them how to teach others and by doing so, they also learn themselves, you know, um, and then they can go and teach more. So, yeah, I think there's a lot of really great opportunities where if we set this up as like an extension of universities in many regards, um, you know, it's it's something that is a necessary skill in the workplace for creators to, you know, learn how to monetize their skills beyond just the the the craft and the talent of being a creator. Um, it's the distribution and the networking and, you know, like finding your audience and like, you know, uh having also just the the technology support of onchain where a lot of these creators have no idea about onchain yet. Um, yeah, I think there's just a lot of opportunity there for us.

03:28 PM: I wonder if we come up with like some kind of a template that we can bring to universities, um, where it's like, you know, because it's a very um, for universities in particular, it's something that they can really be offering to students and, you know, the parents of those students that are like coming into the university or prospective parents saying like, we have this program, you know, where, you know, creators can get right into, you know, the base and Coinbase ecosystem, you know, right from our university and have, you know, training and education and onboarding from, you know, industry professionals that um are really just like here to help them as artists and creators to be successful. And like if we put something like that together as like a pitch deck or as like a presentation, then the whole global chapter network can then be using that as we approach universities worldwide. Um, I think that would be a really good tool for us to put together as one of our first things that we would do is just like specifically what are the things that we can offer and then we can just start lining up some meetings with um the folks who would might be making those decisions and just kind of having everything ready to go in our presentation.

03:30 PM: Yeah.

03:30 PM: That's a good idea.

03:30 PM: that because even for universities as everyone was speaking, I thought to say since Mumba does base at the University of Zambia, so they have like this registration, which is like uh uses local frequency and everything where he's like talking about base on boarding people to like base. The last time I was there, I discovered to say for those spaces it costs like some of the credit scores goes to like it's fighting on your base. I'm still you're refining ways of how to put everything together like you think, yeah, to make sense.

03:30 PM: Awesome. Okay, yeah, uh what I will do then is on my side take the notes. Uh I've got like my AI assistant has been transcribing. Um I'll go ahead and put together a first draft for us for the university side of things and maybe see about just using that same thing to generate something for the cities as well. Uh because it's just a similar type of uh proposal that we would put together for the cities. Uh and then yeah, that'll be something that I can put together here in the next like half hour or so and get you guys a first draft of that. Um and then you can take that as, you know, a template and start just modifying it for the local universities and cities that we're going to start reaching out to. And then yeah, we'll just start planning um whichever ones you guys want to focus on first, like where you think is going to be the most effective. We can start planning towards that um as you guys are ready and uh as we've kind of done our research on those places and um that can be just our next task over this uh week or so before our next meeting and we'll just kind of get together next meeting to um continue on that progress.

03:31 PM: Awesome. Um and also just to support whatever you have, um I'm described. I also have done some meeting minutes at the bottom of this stock. So if you want to have a look at that, that might also help.

03:32 PM: Great, thank you. That'll be very helpful.

03:32 PM: Um Ryan, can you just repeat the topic? I didn't I didn't quite catch that.

03:32 PM: Sorry, what do you want me to repeat?

03:32 PM: Um you mentioned for next week uh Monday, um um our task for this week uh then I I I didn't get clear.

03:32 PM: Okay, so we're going to take the template that I'll make here in the next half hour and turn that into, you know, something more targeted at the actual universities and cities that we want to approach. And then we'll start kind of making a short list um of those universities and cities and, you know, the contacts there and yeah, however much progress we can make towards setting up those uh meetings and just like starting those conversations with uh you know, those admins to see if we can start the uh you know, the process of getting uh a room set aside for us um at those locations. That'll be kind of our our task is to kind of make as much progress towards getting a venue uh for the IRL events and for the um, you know, the local chapter as possible. And I think if we keep if we treat it like it's uh like a weekly recurring thing or we really just ask them for, you know, as much room as they're willing to give. Um that gives us, you know, kind of a home base of operations for, you know, the leaders of that university or city um that we can find locally to continue chairing that um throughout the week and like, you know, bringing people in and and making that into, you know, something that is uh a real community center um where people can really come in at any time uh to learn or it can also run specialized events that it would like, you know, advertise, you know, to come out at a certain day and time. Um but I think it it would make a lot of sense for us to just ask for the moon and the stars and see what they're willing to give, you know, if you're willing to give us, you know, this space 24/7 that we just have access to, the keys to, that's great. Then we can do whatever we want with it. If you only have if they only have like a like a storage closet that we can access once a week, you know, we'll make do with it, you know, we'll we'll store stuff in there maybe. Um but it's like, yeah, it's whatever they're willing to give us that we can make an impact on their campus or their city uh for the creators there. Um that'll be our goal is to just get some of those conversations started as much as possible.

03:34 PM: Thank you.

03:35 PM: Awesome. Yeah, so I'll go ahead and get you guys um the first draft of this template that we can be working from and yeah, let me know how I can also support throughout the week. I'll be available like I'm usually here in this Discord. Like I'll just continue being here as I work throughout the day. So feel free to hop in or, you know, you can you can stay and like we can work on stuff together. Um Yeah.

03:35 PM: Um um before you carry on, I just wanted to say like I'm not as tapped into large university ecosystems in Joburg. I'm more um like in the on the creator hub side. Um and it's kind of like hybrid music meets education. That's kind of like where I'm at. So I just wanted to flag that before like going full steam ahead um because I'll probably have to um connect with people and do a little bit more groundwork um to see how we can activate and infiltrate um varsities.

03:36 PM: Okay, that's that's perfectly fine and you know, we're here to support. So I would say if you want to kind of like lay out which universities look like the best ones uh in in Johannesburg and we just kind of like we'll work together on finding the contacts and finding, you know, the best way in to infiltrate and and make that happen. Uh yeah, don't worry, we'll figure it out together as a crew. You know, that's what the the whole chapter is for. That's why we set up the structure of this first is that um you know, now we have the chapter founded, we can be working together as a crew to like make things happen.

03:36 PM: Awesome.

03:36 PM: All right. Yeah, I'll go ahead and get us that uh first draft and then just a little bit of uh maybe some action items based on our our takeaways here. And uh yeah, um I'm probably going to take a break here for another 10, 15 minutes uh step out and take a quick smoke and then I'll be back.

03:37 PM: Awesome.

03:37 PM: Sure thing.

03:37 PM: Yeah, so Cool, how's everyone doing?

03:37 PM: Good, good.

03:37 PM: How's everything going?

03:37 PM: I'm also going to have to hop off unfortunately. I have other commitments that I need to wrap up. But I think this is was a great uh way to start. Um Bobby, you also have quite a bit on your hands. Um but I'm also here to offer any kind of like support based on everything that we've discussed so far. And I guess next steps is Ryan is going to be assisting in terms of how we can map out next steps to get venues, connect with um the uni ecosystems as well as the creator hubs. Um we need to set up the X account and then we also just need to kind of iron out iron out our titles and um our respective like um yeah, roles, I guess.

03:38 PM: Yeah, perfect. That's that's everything there uh I'll make sure that we kind of get that all together and um yeah, we'll have some updates for you guys throughout the day on that stuff. Yeah.

03:38 PM: Thank you guys. I really appreciate I really appreciate everybody for your time and like it's really great to get to know you guys, you know.

03:38 PM: No, thank you as well for making the time. This is cool.

03:38 PM: Yeah. Yeah, I really appreciate it. I think it's going to be uh really effective for scaling the whole creator economy if we do it this way. Yeah.

03:38 PM: Agreed.

03:39 PM: Awesome.

03:39 PM: All right, I I've got about two heads. Um Bobby, any last words?

03:39 PM: Sampa, the lady has dropped out.

03:39 PM: Oh, she's back.

03:39 PM: Oh, Sampa, you can go on. Sorry.

03:39 PM: Uh, no, I was just trying to listen to what was saying about these things. Bobby's back.

03:39 PM: Sorry guys, I accidentally dropped off, but I I also have to I also have to leave. I I have a a school run in the morning. So yes guys, uh really really um so so the really great meeting and I think um some really dope ideas have been shared and I can't wait to um get started and um

03:39 PM: I also have access to um data hub here in Lusaka. So um yeah, so it would be also nice to just um also get um space space from from them as well. So um yeah. Thank you so much Ryan. Thank you thank you Bobby, thank you. Thanks Sampa.

03:40 PM: Amazing.

03:40 PM: Thanks team.

03:40 PM: Yeah, great work everybody.

03:40 PM: everybody.

03:40 PM: All right, see you all around. Have a good day.

03:40 PM: Bye bye.

Discussion about meeting logistics including time zones and the initial setup of the Base Creator South Africa chapter, covering social media accounts and key roles
02:10 PM: Yeah, for me it's 9:10 here.

02:10 PM: Okay. And is that UTC plus one?

02:11 PM: UTC plus two.

02:11 PM: Okay. It it doesn't matter that much, but we'll we'll make sure that we get that nailed down um for, you know, I've got the the calendar um the event set for uh yeah, GMT plus two uh Central Africa time. Um and I'm not sure if that also changes with uh like this the daylight savings time. Do you guys have daylight savings time in Central Africa time as well?

02:11 PM: I'm not sure if it's um Central Africa, but I know we have the daylight savings happen with Europe.

02:11 PM: Okay. Yeah, I was just wondering because I know we're about to uh head into like a an hour switch here in uh in our time zone for the fall season. Just curious. Um so, yeah, let's

02:12 PM: let's move it right along here. So, um this is our first official meeting for the the launch of the Base Creator South Africa. Just kind of rolling along as we go here. Um we'll want to go ahead and create an X account. So, I'd like to kind of follow the same naming convention that we had for the um the West Africa chapter. I feel like it's a good one. Um so if you want to go for create South AF, um if someone uh wants to kind of handle coordinating that who has, you know, an extra phone number and uh we can use our email address uh I think we used uh West Africa at the creators.com or no, we used uh create.blue. So we can use South Africa at create.blue um for the the X account setup. Um do we have a volunteer for our X account um setup and like, you know, that we could use a phone number for that.

02:13 PM: I don't have a second number. I don't know who else could tap in.

02:13 PM: So, I have one other X account, but I was pushing another course, but again, volunteer that account, just reaching out the details. I don't know if that can work.

02:13 PM: Um you're saying that you'd be able to make a new account?

02:13 PM: Well, if making a new account is possible, I can start working on it now. So, I'm saying I've got like a second X account where I was pushing this charity organization that I launched. But like, I can switch because now I'll be more focused on building this creator Southern Africa program.

02:13 PM: Okay. Um yeah, I mean, however you want to handle it, like if if you're wanting to merge the charity with the chapter, it's up to you. Um we could do it that way where if you just want to like I guess like rename the user account to the create South AF and then we'll basically like make the charity be like the main charity of the the South the Southern chapter. We could do it that way or we would just want to create a separate account so that we kept them we keep them separate. Um and then you can kind of have the charity be like an organizer or like a member of the Southern chapter, if that makes sense.

02:14 PM: Yeah, well, we can we can kind of just like leave that for you guys to figure out. Um but we'll kind of work on that as one of the next tasks is figuring out what our our social um account will be. Um I'm going to go ahead and clear out the um the roles here so that we can have folks come through and volunteer. Um and really the the main roles that are needed, um I'm going to make sure to highlight first because I know that for some of the roles for the West Africa chapter, we're going to have to probably reassign. Um just because we definitely need a treasurer and education um person uh in the current iteration of of things of like how we're thinking that this is going to work. Um so we'd have really, I think maybe six required roles. Um but then at least one of these other roles uh would be open because we would want to have an odd number of council members and like all the people who are member roles that are like, you know, um either volunteer in the first uh quarter or have been elected in the the remaining quarters. Um those will be like the council members, you know, from the president on down to, you know, publicity manager and not all roles need to be filled for every chapter. Sometimes chapters are just not large enough to fill all roles yet. Um but the top ones that really need to be filled are kind of like listed in order here. So um so that we have an idea of like which ones we really need to fill first. Um I can go ahead and um you know, in terms of the general overseer and everything, I'm here to help, but I'd like for someone else to volunteer for general overseer of this and I think it would probably make sense for um somebody who's already working as kind of like a base leader um to maybe volunteer for that role if you're open if if people are open for that. Um so we'll kind of leave that one open a little bit, but I can also step in as needed if people are too busy to kind of do the the general uh managing, but I would see that the president is also being kind of like one of the the main people to help run the chapter and like run the meetings and everything. That's kind of one of the main uh responsibilities. So um just to give you guys an overview of like what the responsibilities are um for those who maybe did not uh attend the uh Base Creators West Africa um chapter founding yesterday. Um the, you know, president is responsible for running the meeting. Um you know, kind of taking uh accountability for making sure that, you know, there's always somebody to run the meeting if they are sick. Um so like having, you know, a backup on hand. Um you know, whether that's the vice president or secretary or, you know, somebody else that um you guys can, you know, make sure to to interface on that. Um the other kind of responsibilities of the um of the president would be to help to organize events and to

02:18 PM: kind of be the spokesperson of the chapter for um you know, all of the different announcements, all the different kind of things that the the chapter is up to. Um so it would be up to them to really coordinate with the social media manager um on making sure that all the most pertinent things are getting broadcast out to social media and also, you know, to the local communities that we're going to be building chapters in. Um because this is, you know, beyond a virtual event, this is also going to be building in person events, you know, wherever we can. Um and we'll be helping to find the venues and the the locations for that with you guys. Um so heading on down with the the list of roles here. Um first of all, do we have any questions before I I roll forward?

02:19 PM: So far, everything is pretty clear.

02:19 PM: Okay, great. Um the vice president is really responsible for just assisting the president, but then also um you know, they're responsible for getting together like the statistics of the chapter. Um you know, taking care of you know, the the activity of the chapter where, you know, when members are passing forward referrals to each other or they are um you know, submitting uh you know, various different presentations for their feature presentation or uh really just like helping with the um the running of the chapter in terms of like how how to really broadcast the success of the chapter to to the rest of the world. So, you know, the the president will be very much um the operational um leader, you know, just making sure the day-to-day operations and tasks are taken care of where the vice president is in more of assisting role in, you know, gathering data, you know, doing research reports on the chapter, um you know, helping to really qualify uh you know, people who are prospective members or, you know, events that are wanting to to run, you know, with the chapter. Um so the next down on the list would be the secretary. Um and that would be some, you know, the responsibility of just taking minutes uh for the meeting uh or you know, running any kind of AI notetaker bot, making sure that notes are taken for every meeting and that um you know, in terms of collecting uh you know, different information, you kind of work together with the vice president on the statistics of the chapter and, you know, uh the speaker rotations and the renewals and any kind of um admin of the chapter, you kind of work together with the the vice president to help um with kind of the admin side of things. Um the social media manager is pretty straightforward, just very uh responsible for just getting the word out um before the meeting that the meeting's about to start, you know, getting the word out on all the events and activities. Um and really just broadcasting and like making sure that, you know, you're active on social media for the chapter that, you know, in ways that is bringing are bringing on board new creators and new members that uh, you know, maybe wanting to join the chapter or start their own chapter in that region. Um the treasurer is responsible for, you know, just making sure that we have a an accounting of the treasury for that chapter. Um each chapter will have its own treasury. Um there will be sponsors that will be coming through for chapters and for events and uh there will be kind of different revenue generation mechanisms that chapters will come up with on their own and also that will be passing down through the structure and through the network. Um so it's really up to each chapter to maintain their treasury and make sure that um you're autonomous in a way that um is fully decentralized. Um and that's going to be the most effective way for us to um to grow as an organization. Um, you know, we'll be helping to bootstrap your treasury. Um, you know, we'll be enabling any kind of like sponsor uh sponsored events to be discovered through our events um system and also through our network. Uh and then also be kind of on the lookout for any products or um you know, investment opportunities in the chapter itself um that our network of VCs and investors um can be uh looking into funding. Um and you know, currently that's one of the the main methods that we're going to have at bootstrapping. The other way is, you know, once we really get off the ground with um with base, you know, I'd really appreciate any kind of connection that we can get with um you know, the base global building team on a higher level so that we can see about um you know, funding this operation from Coinbase's side as well as, you know, the bootstrap side.

02:23 PM: Hey, did you have a comment on that or was that a hot mic?

02:24 PM: Yeah, please make sure your mics are muted if you're not speaking. There's some background noise.

02:24 PM: sorted.

02:24 PM: All right, all good. Uh next up on the agenda here. Um and I've only got five minutes before I got to go, so I'll make it real quick. Uh we got the education manager. Um they're responsible for doing educational minutes at the beginning of every meeting. Um that can be where you go over how to come on chain in various different ways, how to create in various different ways. It can be also just overview of how to be part of the base creators chapter network and how to be successful as a creator in the network. Um, you know, how to get referrals, how to grow your business. Um, you know, the educational time is really just the time that as the visitors to the chapter will be kind of, you know, seeing for the first 30 minutes of the meeting. Um, this is the way that we kind of show value to the visitors that are coming in and uh maybe experiencing the chapter for the first time so that, you know, one of their first experiences is learning something new um that they can take away and, you know, um start activating right away. Uh community manager. Um, this is one of the the non-essential roles going from from here on down. This these will be kind of non-essential roles. Um, so these are kind of straightforward. I'm not going to go through these because these are non-essential, but um, you know, in terms of just like outlining what roles the chapter wants. Um, that's going to be up to you guys to determine if you want um to fill these roles or if there may be additional roles that you want to fill. Um, so I'm going to kind of leave those as like optional. Um, the ones that are here, um, we're going to have as uh required. Um, and then for the agenda, uh every week, um, you know, starting next week, uh we're going to kind of begin our actual uh agenda. This is kind of the interest group and it looks like we have a lot of interest. Um, so it's great to see, you know, so many people that are ready to, you know, join the South Africa chapter. Um so for the uh the agenda of, you know, what each meeting will kind of run like will be the first 15 minutes will be an open networking session where um if it's a virtual uh group,

02:26 PM: you'll have, you know, breakout rooms of maybe, uh, you know, three people per breakout room. Uh, that'll be done through the Discord here and we've got a breakout bot that we're working on, um, that will be facilitating, uh, these connections that will kind of enable people to connect with new people every week. Um, if you're doing the in-person, uh, local chapters, this is going to be just a standard like, you know, coffee and doughnuts, uh, networking, uh, moment, uh, for 15 minutes. Um, we'll then have two minutes of kind of welcoming visitors and introducing the chapter leadership, uh, giving the purpose and overview of the Base Creators South Africa. Um, we'll have the educational minutes where we give them, you know, a little bit of, uh, an overview of like what's possible with, uh, on chain. Uh, and this can run for, you know, anywhere between two to five to 10 minutes. It really just depends on, um, you know, how you guys allocate your time. Um, we've got in person meetings, we'd have a passing of the business card box. In the virtual meetings, we're going to have a kind of similar situation where, um, if you're going to be joining, uh, a chapter, we're going to have an app that you can join and that you can make sure that you're, um, you're part of very much like the Base Creators directory, um, that we started earlier this year. It will be kind of integrated into that. Um, we'll have the members weekly presentations next and that's the main part of the meeting where we go around the room and every member gets 30 seconds to one minute. Uh, it really depends on how many members we have. Um, to just present about what is up, what, what is up with your business this week? Um, what are you creating? Uh, what are different ways that we can help, um, as a chapter, as different members can, you know, help find, you know, maybe you have a specific customer that you're looking for this week or, uh, maybe you've built something that is, you know, that you're advertising this week or you have an event that's going on that you could collaborate with people. Um, so this is what we call the weekly ask where you are standing up and just asking the the group, um, you know, this is my ask if you could send me a customer like this, this is the type of customer or this is the type of collab or these are the types of, um, you know, things I'm looking for this week. Um, everyone else, you know, as you're listening should be writing notes on, um, on that. Oh, I think we have a hot mic. Let me see if we can mute. Here we go. Uh, all right. Uh, so everyone else just make sure you're taking notes on, um, you know, places where you see that you have synergies with people of what they're asking, um, because then if you have a referral for them, if you have a collab opportunity, um, the time to give that is, you know, coming up at the end of the meeting. So make sure you're just, you know, taking that time to write notes on like who you're wanting to pass business to or do collabs with and to, you know, kind of support as a fellow creator. Um, from there we've got the vice president report. We just give chapter stats and, uh, talk about who's really leading the chapter in terms of getting referrals, you know, giving referrals that are successful to other creators. Um, you know, successfully bringing in new members as, you know, if you're inviting a visitor and then they're becoming a member and that, you know, counts as a successful invite. Um, this is kind of the way that we kind of grow the chapter by recognizing standout, uh, members who are kind of, um, owning the chapter's success and like helping us succeed as a chapter. Um, the secretary's report is where we talk about who's up next for the future presentation. Uh, you it's a rotation of every member. Um, so we talk about, um, you know, every member gets a feature presentation where they get, you know, 10 to 20 minutes, uh, to talk about who they are as a creator and what they're doing. So this is kind of a time that, um, we allocate every week for one of the members and we rotate through to give a more in-depth, uh, look at like what that creator is building or what they're doing and and what they're creating. And this often is like a great way for for people to kind of learn a lot more about, you know, the fellow members in your chapter. Um, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta hop out here. So the rest of this, um, here, um, we're going to go through in our next, uh, meeting or after I, I kind of come back in. But yeah, I will kind of leave it to the rest of you guys, um, to take over, um, and to begin, um, I'm going to share this here. So everyone with the link is going to be able to be an editor. And then if you guys could go ahead and list yourselves as volunteers for the roles that you'd like to volunteer for, um, you know, from from president on down. Um, and yeah, I will be back in here in about a half hour to check in.

02:31 PM: Thank you.

02:31 PM: Yeah, no problem.

02:31 PM: Thanks. Thank you so much. Thank you.

pendant image
Captured by the Limitless Pendant
Limitless
Go Beyond
About
Pendant
Sign up
Get the app

Limitless
Ryan Kagy shared a moment with you.

05:12 PMRyan Kagy: So, what how I'm wanting to structure this is it's very similar to an organization that already exists called BNI.

05:13 PMRyan Kagy: Um, here's here's their how to start a chapter page.

05:13 PMRyan Kagy: Um, and then here's here's a um here's a new chapters forming where it's um every chapter that wants to form, it creates a core group in a community that's not yet had a chapter. So like obviously we don't have a chapter anywhere yet, but you know, this is our core group. Like we've already got our core group going of like, you know, 14 members in this Telegram chat.

05:13 PMRyan Kagy: Um, and then essentially it would, you know, have this like pathway for us to, you know, start up this chapter and then also teach other chapter founders how to start up as well.

05:14 PMRyan Kagy: Um, and so there's not a lot of information here and we're going to have to kind of dig more into exactly how to kind of kick start all of this. But um, really in this organization, they have a um a quarterly based uh on the first quarter, uh it's kind of elected by the regional team that would be in charge. So that would be our our team would kind of help to elect the the leaders of this first uh quarter. Um, and that would lead from, you know, if we're starting here in fall, it would lead into the winter uh quarter, uh, you know, um, so maybe from I guess uh what we're heading into like November now. So like November, December, January, um, you know, would be the effective quarter um for this chapter that we're beginning.

05:15 PMRyan Kagy: So, you know, we'll kind of get together and, you know, there's going to be a few people that, you know, have different roles where, you know, we'll we'll need to have somebody who takes notes on the meeting, you know, every week. We'll need to have somebody who um, you know, kind of runs the meeting every week. Um, we'll need to have, you know, people who are um, kind of in charge of whether new members are applying, you know, um, what is what's like really the council that will vote on um the new members to uh to join. Um, and that's done through kind of like a a council of like five or six of the of the members. Um, I think actually we want to make sure that we have an odd number. Um, so that like, you know, if there's ever like a split tide vote, like, you know, there's always an odd number to make sure that it would um, you know, the vote would be able to have a majority.

05:16 PMRyan Kagy: So, um, yeah, so like essentially that's that's kind of the um the initial structure. And then from there, um, every quarter, the council would be kind of reelected by the community or by the chapter. So people would be able to, you know, submit themselves to be on the council, to run, to be in the various different positions. So like, you know, if you want to be the one who takes the meeting notes or if you want to be the one who um, you know, runs the meeting, um, you know, maybe they maybe we have a position for, you know, who's in charge of like marketing and, you know, getting the message out for every meeting. Um, you know, like these types of roles are kind of figured out as we go, uh depending on, you know, if we feel like we need someone who's dedicated to certain things uh for the chapter to help grow and to to provide the structure that, you know, if if everybody else can, you know, rely on that one person for that three months, um, or maybe we have two people uh for each role so that there's always a backup. Um, so I think that that's kind of like the goal is to kind of establish that uh to begin with and then make it kind of a flexible structure where um somebody can submit themselves to, you know, be elected for uh the next cycle and then everybody, all the chapter members will vote on um, you know, every every three year, four months. Um, I guess it's every three months, you know. Um, so there's like four quarters in a year. Um, so yeah, that's that was kind of the inspiration for for how this is going to run, um, because we're actually going to be enabling, you know,

05:18 PMRyan Kagy: chapters, you know, to be set up in, you know, multiple chapters per city if we, you know, get to that point. Uh, very much like how BNI is set up right now. Um, so, yeah.

05:18 PMRyan Kagy: So, yeah, and good points being made in the chat here. I actually want to kind of address a few items real quick. Um, you know, I'm I'm actually able to uh provide a recording, a little bit of a recording of this meeting because I've got my AI assistant already recording. Um, so we should have a structure where um, you know, if you guys want to have a notetaker, um, whether that's an AI or that's, you know, a human notetaker, um, we should make sure that we get that handled. We normally do our meetings in Discord. Um, so I do want to try and transition us to Discord for the next meeting just because that's going to be a better place for us to all make sure that we coordinate um across all the different crews. Um, so if you check the calendar at calendar.thecreators.com, there's a link right now to the Discord for those who are not yet in there. And let's try and make sure that we get everybody in there who's not yet in there and just um, if anyone's having trouble joining, um, let's, you know, make sure that we, you know, have any issues taken care of by by next meeting. Um, and then yeah, I think in terms of roles and everything, um, I have a good idea of like who we might um, like what roles we we need. So maybe what we do is um, we'll kind of put down the the roles that are that we already know we need, which is um, you know, the person who runs the meeting. Uh, we need like a secretary who makes sure that like, you know, meeting notes are taken, whether that's, you know, someone who's in charge of like running an AI recorder or um, you know, if they take notes themselves. Um, we need I would say on top of the let's say the let's call the person who runs the meeting the president of the chapter. Um, and let's call the secretary would be like the um, the vice president, um, because that's really like the main duty of the chapter is like, you know, making sure the meetings are held every week and then also making sure that we, you know, document the meetings. Um, and then really the the other duties are just uh joining like uh kind of like assigning people to the chapter who want to join and like, you know, evaluating that. So, um, you know, the council will be tasked with making sure that, you know, the chapter doesn't grow too large. Like if the chapter is getting to the point where if we have more than one or two people of each type of creator category, um, then we're going to want to kind of start another chapter, you know, either locally or regionally, regionally, um, so that, you know, the chapter doesn't get kind of too large to to handle. And that's kind of like how BNI does it as well. Um, when they get up to a certain size for a chapter, maybe about 30 or 50 at the most, um, then they'll they'll kind of split that out into another chapter or they will uh have any new members go to a new chapter. But it's often effective that they'll actually split um split a larger chapter and like some people will voluntarily go to the new chapter as a way to kind of bootstrap and like start that up. Um, so that, you know, you take an already maybe a little bit too large chapter and you like kind of um split that in half and like go uh create, you know, two two chapters out of it that are both much smaller. Um, so that that's one way that they do it.

05:22 PMRyan Kagy: Um, so, yeah, I think if we can get some of this down into a structure, um, you know, we've got the president, the vice president, and then I would say like three, three council members or um, you know, maybe five, five council members because we'd need to have an odd number. Um, so it would it would need to either be like, you know, uh, a total of three, five or seven uh council members. So, yeah, I would say that's those are the the roles and then um, if we want to put that down and document and have everybody just, you know, if you want to have your uh your name considered for that, um, we'll do some some very brief interviews one-on-one with folks just to like um, you know, check and see like what your your history is with uh, you know, governance or with uh with tasks and teams and and management and stuff like this. And and really it's just the same types of questions that um, that we're going to be like setting up as a template for the quarterly voting structure where if you're going to submit yourself next quarter for uh the entire chapter to vote on, um, it'll be the same questions that uh you'll be answering for the chapter to kind of like get an understanding of um, you know, what you're going to be able to bring to the chapter as a council member. So, um, so I think we've got the president, the vice president, maybe a marketing person who's really in charge of the um, you know, posting out on X and like Farcaster about the events of the the group. Um, and then like two two to four more uh council members. So like a total of like five um or or seven. So I feel like I've been talking for a while, so I'll leave the floor to you guys.

05:23 PMRyan Kagy: Okay. Yeah, no, no, no, all of those points were like really, really, really, really solid points.

05:24 PMRyan Kagy: Um, so, I guess we could, yeah, like the action plan is to make the documentation where we could um as well put a list of the roles, obviously said president, um, executive, the president.

05:24 PMRyan Kagy: vice president and three council members. So for the odd number. So um for or Mr., I've seen this any any of you that's the documentation. Right now please I'll need it to. Like the first page of documentation it's uh president, vice president and three council members. So at least get some rules rules up there.

05:24 PMRyan Kagy: Okay. So is the is the is the domain or setup so we could get to the X of our.

05:25 PMRyan Kagy: Uh, the domain, um, we have the create.blue domain and I just confirmed the order for the email address here. Um, so yeah, actually, let me just double check here.

05:25 PMRyan Kagy: So yeah, um, I'm setting up I'm setting up the the the actual West Africa account right now.

05:25 PMRyan Kagy: Oh, I have to set up the DNS for the the email.

05:25 PMRyan Kagy: All right. Uh thank you. Thank you, sir. Uh so Mr. or which of you is like currently making the like the first documentation.

05:26 PMRyan Kagy: Angie's in.

05:26 PM: Yeah. I'm working on it right now.

05:26 PMRyan Kagy: Okay, okay. Um, you know, we just add president, VP and three council members. And um these three council members, I believe one of them is our lead designer, our lead social media manager, our SM. Hello, where are you where are you right now?

05:26 PMRyan Kagy: What choice?

05:26 PM: Yeah.

05:26 PMRyan Kagy: So what's?

05:27 PM: Yeah, I'm writing down the rules.

05:27 PMRyan Kagy: Okay, okay. Um so so while you're writing down the rules, I believe we need to like in or let's say drop our names in the community. So we could realign. So when it's time to like put the rules in names, don't just add your names there. It won't we won't put um or think we'll just put your actual name because I tend to forget those. So I just drop your name.

05:28 PMRyan Kagy: names in the group. Okay. I'm dropping in. Just two names. Mine is. I'll catch you. In the middle name. Exactly. Dixon. Let's drop your names in the group. So while is getting the uh the piston set up. Oh, the email has been created.

05:28 PMRyan Kagy: Oh, it's just that it's working. Using. So so now basically what what we're trying to do is to build structure. So building systems, systems work for you in your assets. So for example, the president is not allowed. Um and we or like new flow of creators coming in and somebody like us getting taking the creators to um or for example, we we have like new announcements to make, something something like that. systems. So we'll know who is the social media lead and the intern and all this stuff. So I believe um one of us said is a new said is a new. So it could come as an intern, our first intern in this creators West Africa. So he's our first intern and we'll get to assess him more and know where he can best fit. Yeah. So yeah, um the rules of the of the types. Let me tell you that.

05:29 PM: Sorry, is it me? This is case.

05:29 PM: Am I writing?

05:29 PMRyan Kagy: Thank you.

05:30 PMRyan Kagy: No, no, no, no, no, no.

05:30 PMRyan Kagy: Okay, this is uh this is reminding me of a lot of the stuff that we did at BNI because it's been a few years since I've actually uh been in BNI. Um, so let me let me walk you guys through like what this example agenda is here. So for the first 15 minutes of every uh BNI meeting, they would have just open networking where um it's essentially just enabling people to just kind of mingle and communicate and talk about, you know, anything that is on their minds just like, you know, in the physical uh meetings, you know, they'd have coffee and they'd have donuts for people and they, you know, you'd just be able to like um to get some if it's like breakfast, they'd have breakfast kind of food or if it's lunch, they'd have lunch kind of food. But um in a virtual kind of meeting, if we're going to do virtual, then it would be like, you know, maybe we end up doing something with like breakout rooms or like one-on-ones uh where we encourage people to set up like one-to-one meetings uh in the first 15 minutes and um, you know, just kind of have that be like unstructured uh like networking time.

05:31 PMRyan Kagy: Uh, the next uh item on the agenda is just welcoming visitors and introducing the chapter leadership team. So often they would have like, you know, visitors come to every chapter. Um, you know, sometimes like every every week and you know, every member is allowed to invite a visitor. Um, or if you just heard about the chapter and you just wanted to drop in and like, you know, people are allowed to just come by and just like um, so we have like, you know, a different structure for visitors that we do for members where like, you know, we we do give visitors a little bit of time to like introduce themselves and talk about their business, but they're not kind of treated as members yet until until they're voted in.

05:32 PMRyan Kagy: and if they if they do want to join. Um, and so like visitors are treated like prospective members. Like they could possibly want to join or they may just be like browsing or they may just be like visiting to like pass business. Um, so, you know, we'd have like a little bit of a two minute speech where it's like welcoming visitors to the West Africa chapter and then introducing the leadership team. Um, then we'd have about a minute about the purpose and overview of you know, the base creators and like what we're doing as a global vision for like, you know, bringing creators on chain and like helping them to, you know, get educated and have more opportunities to earn and like, you know, just kind of um taking uh kind of tearing down the old like web two uh like creator economy that's been kind of extracting value from creators and like making a new one that we all build together. Um, you know, the educational minutes. Um, I'm trying to remember. I think educational minutes is when we would have some one of the chapter members would volunteer every week to educate um on the how the chapter works from like one different standpoint every week. So like you could have, you know, a basic overview of the entire chapter and like how the structure works, kind of like I'm giving right now, um but like quicker. Um, or you could just go over one item, you know, every week where it's like, you know, you just talk about like how this all works and it's just a bit of like a like a like a like a preview window into like how this uh this chapter works um for those who don't yet know, especially for visitors or new members. Um, the passing of the business card box is something that I'd like us to figure out together because that's um it's an interesting part of BNI that it's actually a core part of the BNI um, you know, agenda is this business card and business passing of referrals and testimonials and and um so the business card box was just uh where we would have a box where everybody could just put their business card in. Um, and like if there's if you have a bunch of cards, you can maybe put like 10, 10 of your cards in there and then as it gets like passed around, if someone wants one of your cards, they can take one of your cards out. So, digitally, I don't know how we would end up doing that, but I feel like we can come up with something that's kind of like passing our X accounts or passing our farcaster accounts around. Um, and like, you know, making sure that we follow each other. Um, the members weekly presentations is like the main part of the the chapter. So like we would go around the entire circle of members, um, and we give every member who's been inducted into the chapter 30 seconds to one minute to talk about what their weekly ask is and that would be like, you know, our, you know, our company is doing this this week or like, you know, I myself as an artist, I'm launching this project or like I'm working on, you know, this music project or like, you know, our group is working on, you know, this event or whatever it is. And so every member gets um 30 seconds to one minute to stand up and talk about um what they're up to that week and also how other people can get involved, whether that's like, you know, um, you know, my best customer this week is like uh, you know, someone who's looking for um, you know, listing on their, you know, their music on our on our new app that we just released or like, you know, my, you know, best referral this week is, you know, um, you know, a client who's looking for my design services or, you know, my video production services that, you know, we just uh created new promo. So, you know, my ask is that you like help to, you know, send this promo out to uh to your clients that might be interested in this. Um, so it's really just like a specific ask that um people can be, you know, as as uh as people are giving their asks, like, you know, if you're if you're kind of doing uh the best that you can as a chapter member and like supporting your fellow members, you're taking notes on what your fellow members are asking for. And like if you have something in common with them that's like, oh, I know I can refer someone to them. You make sure you make a note of that like, you know, real quick so that you can remember to like pass them that business. Um, and then for visitors, like for people who have not yet been inducted, this is where um it's like, you know, people can say like who invited you and just tell us about your business. And they they get time as well um to talk about, you know, what they're up to, but it's really more about from a standpoint of them as a prospective member where if they do want to join, um, we're going to be like referencing what they said here as like, you know, the council will look back to say like, oh, so they're they got invited by this person and their business is this and they're looking to do this and like we'll think about letting them in um based on, you know, if there's already not a role that are like they fit because we don't want there to be conflicting roles. Like we want to make sure that, you know, whenever there's like already a like a graphic designer or like a music producer or like, you know, um, you know, whatever like all the different types of creators that are out there, we want to make sure that there's like, you know, really like one of each in every chapter or maybe two if they if they agree to work together and like they're not going to be competing for like business and like, you know, it's not going to be an issue. But it's really up to those people to say like, you know, are we going to be able to find separate niches that we can like make sure that we're not competing against each other on a per chapter level. Um, because like we really want the rest of the chapter to know like who to pass business to if they need a musician or like who to pass business to if they need a videographer and it will be like, you know, that that person in that chapter each time because, you know, you always want to support your chapter and like, you know, get as many referrals as you can to say like to to show that you're like, you know, being a good chapter member and like passing good business to people. Um, and like so that's kind of like the the the the goal there is like that's the main part of it where it takes like, you know, from 20 minutes to 30 minutes to go through everybody. Um, because everybody gets 30 seconds to a minute. Um, so that's like the main part of it. Then after that, there's a vice president report. So that's like the secretary vice president then can talk about the stat the statistics of the chapter, like the notable leaders and activity and like what um, you know, people are like who's passing the most referrals, like who's who's like stepping up and supporting uh fellow chapter members the most. Um, and they get recognized for that activity, you know, like if you have been, you know, uh really passing the most referrals and testimonials, then you'll be, you know, chosen for the future presentation um more often. And that's that's coming up next where, you know, the secretary report will just give a uh report on the speaker rotation for the future presentation on like who's coming up next and then also who's due for renewal of like their membership. Um, and that's if we end up having paid membership like, um, which I think in some chapters we may not want to have paid membership. It just depends on how you guys want to handle it. But um, when it comes to like a paid membership, BNI was doing something like I think it was like $1,000 a year. Um, but that's for Americans, you know. So like you'd want to

05:40 PMRyan Kagy: obviously scale that for your local economy. Um, because we make, you know, anywhere between 50 to $100,000 a year here in America on average, like if we're if people are in these businesses, actually they they sometimes make a lot more than that. Um, because like if they're a small business, sometimes they make like, you know, 400,000 to a million dollars a year. Um, and so I would say definitely scale that number depending on like what you would want, you know, in your local economy.

05:40 PMRyan Kagy: what would make sense for it to be like affordable for a small business and and also make sense for them to like say like, you know, this is an investment into my business and it also helps the entire chapter in their marketing activities, it helps them in their events that they run. Um, and it kind of goes towards the treasury of just advertising the chapter and like, you know, getting getting the word out for, you know, growing the goals of the chapter. But that's kind of up to you guys and like how you want to handle uh memberships and like I definitely recommend to keep it cheap if you do um do something that way it's just very accessible for a lot of people.

05:41 PMRyan Kagy: Um, and then there's also other ways to make money besides that that we can get sponsorships, so we don't necessarily have to run the treasury just on the renewals alone. So if we want to just make it free, that's also an option. Um, next up here on the agenda, it's the feature presentation and this is where one person every week, um, there's a rotation of speakers where um, if you've been like, you know, a notable standout person, you'll get put into this rotation. Um, and everybody gets into the rotation, but the notable people get, you know, put up first. Um, and you know, through the entire chapter, you know, during, you know, however many members there are, it will rotate through the entire list of members every for one member every week to present their business and talk about what they what they're up to and like, you know, what they're creating, what they're doing.

05:42 PMRyan Kagy: Um, so they get like, you know, maybe like 10, 15 minutes to just present about themselves and their business during the feature presentation. Um, and that's something that, you know, once once everybody gets to uh present, then it just, you know, it rotates back to the beginning and like we start from the beginning again with another rotation. Um, because by that point it will have been 30 weeks, you know, uh however many chapters members there are, it will have been 30 weeks or whatever. So then there's going to be new members, there's going to be a completely different rotation. There's going to be people who have never heard, you know, the the presentation before. So, um, so that's that's a good way of doing it, I think. Um, and then there's passing of referrals and testimonials. That's kind of like the end of uh the uh the meeting where like if you already had taken notes on like if you want to like be giving people some referrals, um, we'll actually go around, um, kind of the the same way that we go around for the weekly presentations and we'll give everybody 30 to 45 seconds to either pass a referral to say like, hey, I'm going to pass you this referral based on what you were just asking for this week or like I just had somebody come through and was asking for a designer. Um, so I've got a designer for you or um, I've got a testimonial for this user or for this person because, you know, they've actually just uh really taking care of this referral that like I sent them and like, you know, the referral is really happy with their work. So I just wanted to to give this testimonial for uh for this creator for like, you know, doing a great job. Um, and so if you're passing referrals, you're making testimonials, these are all things that count towards like your activity in the chapter that you're like being a good chapter member and like you're active and like um, that you're getting refer referrals, giving referrals, that you're getting testimonials, giving testimonials like um, and so uh, and then the next thing is the referral reality check and that's where um, if anybody's like maybe not giving referrals, this is where we kind of like say, hey, so uh there's a few members who um, maybe need to like work on giving some more referrals or like maybe need to work on um, you know, being a little bit more active in the the chapter. Um, you know, like we don't necessarily call them out by name, but sometimes we'll pass around a sheet and it'll just have like a a spreadsheet of like who's the best uh, you know, referral, like who's the most active members and then like you'll kind of see your name wherever it lies on that list and you'll be like, oh, I probably need to work harder if you're at the bottom of the list, you know. So it doesn't necessarily call them out. It just kind of like gives you a reality check on like how are you performing as a chapter member? Like are you helping your fellow creators? Are you helping them to, you know, get business or like, you know, to to to get together with clients or whatever it may be. Um, so that's that's kind of the the reality check there and it's something that, you know, every chapter council members uh, you know, organization really uh can determine for themselves like, you know, if if someone's not passing referrals for like several months at a time and like and they're maybe not active in any other way as well, maybe you just sit down with that member and just say, hey, so we notice that you're just not that active compared to other members and we just want to see if there's something that we can do to like, you know, fix that and make you more active and you know, see if there's any questions you have about how this works or maybe you just like you're not sure of like how to make referrals or like maybe you just don't have referrals coming in and that's fine. But um, like it's really up to the council to decide like sometimes a chapter will be more strict and they'll say like, um, you know, if you're not passing referrals, then we can't really let you in next quarter if you if you haven't passed a single referral for the entire quarter of three months. Um, or they'll maybe be a little bit more loose and say like, hey, like we really want to see you trying to get more referrals for the next quarter, please, you know. Um, and they'll just kind of like, you know, make it um, kind of like an ask for the next quarter that they would like work harder on referrals or whatever. And so it's up to you guys to decide like how strict you want to be with that kind of stuff and like um, I would definitely recommend to sit down individually with any kind of members that are not, you know, performing up to the activity level of like what we expect from people who really contribute and like are part of this. Um, and then we end up with uh the treasurer's report. Uh that's another thing that we we would probably want to have a role for. Um, so president, vice president, secretary, treasurer, um, marketing person, um, education person. Um, the uh treasurer's report would just give an idea of like, you know, what what the chapter's funds look like, you know, based on the activity that we've done to raise funds as a chapter. Um, and then like maybe what we've been planning on allocating those funds for. Um, and the treasurer can also be responsible for like, you know, taking in the proposals from members and like, you know, facilitating the votes on like snapshot or like however we want to end up running votes as like a subdow because I do want to feel like each chapter is run kind of like a subdow or like, you know, we'll we'll kind of figure out how it's run, but um, like it doesn't have to necessarily be done on like snapshot as long as we have like a a set voting process and we can do that through Discord. Um, I think Pizza Dow does theirs on Discord where they have their proposals done on there and um, they have a bot that like will verify your ownership of like an NFT or something and we can do the same thing where like maybe we'll have like NFTs that represent your membership status. Um, and that can be like, you know, how you can vote or something like that. But like that can be something we'll figure out for a future meeting. Um, and then yeah, thank you for closed business is like uh when we talk about, you know, any referrals that have actually closed that you've been sent. Um, if anybody has any thank you for closed business at the end, we'll just say, hey, raise your hand and you know, let the group know uh if

05:48 PMRyan Kagy: you've closed any business off of referrals that were sent to you in this in this chapter. Um, and a close like a thank you for closed business is really the end of the referral cycle. So like when you pass someone a referral, um, that is something that in our app that we're going to build, we're going to want you to actually like log that as a referral in our app. And then the thank you for closed business, we're going to want whoever got that referral if it actually came through to a closed business and you actually like signed a deal and got money from that deal,

05:49 PMRyan Kagy: then we're going to want you to say like, yeah, that was a successful referral. And that way we can also help to track like, you know, who's passing like, you know, the best referrals that are like really closing and like, um, you know, as opposed to like if people are just passing a bunch of referrals, if they're just kind of like spamming referrals that like really don't make sense or like are not even like a a warm lead. Like it's got to be a warm lead, otherwise if it's a cold lead, then people are like, oh, like, uh, you know, maybe they don't even need the business, you know. Um, but if it's someone who's like,

05:49 PMRyan Kagy: I really need a designer. So like help me find one and like you you say like, oh, I've got a good designer, uh, you know, uh, and you kind of like do a bit of a warm up for that person, then it's going to be more likely to to help them to close that business. Um, and we kind of work together as a group to like to get money and to get to get clients and get referrals. Um, and that's how creators will succeed, you know what I mean? Because we all support each other. Um, uh, finally announcements, door prizes, if there's any that we want to have and positive quote of the week. That's kind of up to you guys to fill out. So that's it. That's that's that's like my whole memory of BNI all packed into uh here and I've got a recording for you guys to to refer back to here if you need to refer to this at any time, but yeah, hopefully that answers questions for you guys on like how BNI is working. I think we can translate it really easily to this.

05:50 PM: Yeah, yeah, for sure, for sure. Um, we're really thankful for that. It's really fortunate. What you've recorded. So we could run some summary, reiterate, you know, get back, get back on it. And I was hoping if we could get like the X accounts set up. If we could like create um an account with this domain or something.

05:50 PM: Yeah, yeah, let's uh

05:50 PM: open to receiving emails.

05:50 PM: Yeah, that's uh that's ready to receive emails. Did you send um a verification from X to that email? I can check the code.

05:51 PM: Okay. Even just crazy. Okay, but just let's move. So it's name is resources.

05:51 PM: Uh Jim Jim is on. I'm out of the group. I'm looking.

05:51 PM: Yeah, the group man.

05:51 PM: I'm just joining.

05:51 PM: So who's this?

05:51 PM: Yeah, this is Rex versus Ian to everyone.

05:51 PM: Cuz I'm just joining like I don't know what's up.

05:51 PM: Oh no, no, there's there's a there's a recap. I've I've sent the code. You can confirm.

05:52 PM: That'll be that'll be uh in summary. So what's the code?

05:52 PM: Okay, okay, okay. Thank you.

05:52 PM: So friend, can you send me the code? I've requested from X.

05:52 PM: Um, 677455.

05:52 PM: 677455.

05:52 PM: Um

05:53 PM: All right, we are live.

05:53 PM: Nice.

05:53 PM: So we're live.

05:53 PM: You send me a link to the the new account here on the let's put it here in the the chapter group chat.

05:53 PM: Okay. I just updated it with so it's never single time to chapter with the profile picture.

05:53 PM: Oh yeah, this is exciting you guys. We got a lot of work done on this meeting.

05:53 PM: A lot, like actually a lot.

05:53 PM: Yeah, we like laid out that foundation for all of this. It's some good shit.

05:53 PM: Uh, A you had a question on how the referrals are calculated. Um, they're calculated by the number of referrals that you do and then the number of successful referrals that are marked as completed by the person who got that referral. So, um, like when you get a referral from somebody, if it turns into a closed business, at the end of the meeting, if you have if you've had any referrals from the last meeting turn into a closed business and you know, you're able to say like, hey, thank you for this referral. I ended up getting a client from this and they paid me, you know, you get to say thank you for the closed business and then you get to mark that as a completed referral. So, you know, we'll have the number of referrals that you've made and also the number of successful referrals that you've made and that'll be how it's ranked.

05:54 PM: Okay.

05:54 PM: Okay, so I'll I'll I'll um the username.

05:54 PM: Okay, yeah, for sure.

05:54 PM: Yeah, Mr. could you check the chat real quick.

05:55 PM: So the username will be it's West A F West Africa.

05:55 PM: Okay, it's West AF.

05:55 PM: Hello, hello.

05:56 PM: Uh all right.

05:56 PMRyan Kagy: Oh, that was crazy. Somebody already registered for like in up.

05:56 PM: Yeah, that's me.

05:56 PMRyan Kagy: Oh, that was you? Yeah, that was fast. That was that was a blitz right away.

05:56 PM: Like uh what are we just going to create with staff accounts?

05:56 PMRyan Kagy: It's in the chat, guys. Check the chat.

05:56 PMRyan Kagy: Each chat's a little chat.

05:56 PM: t. You just start the link.

05:56 PMRyan Kagy: I followed us. Same.

05:57 PMRyan Kagy: Okay.

05:57 PMRyan Kagy: I should probably do it too.

05:57 PMRyan Kagy: All right, let's go. Okay, now just follow create on this.

05:57 PM: Yep.

05:57 PM: Yo, the banner.

05:57 PMRyan Kagy: Okay, I'm moderating right now. So I'm creating CS.

05:57 PMRyan Kagy: Yeah, it's crazy. We did we did a lot of work today.

05:57 PMRyan Kagy: Good job, guys. Good job.

05:57 PM: Is your is your name like he fails?

05:57 PM: Flags?

05:57 PMRyan Kagy: Hi.

05:57 PM: No, mine is uh.

05:57 PM: Oh, so give me fun. Mine's at the official.

05:58 PM: I like the username create West AF. That's great.

05:58 PM: I like it.

05:58 PM: Well, uh who's is uh RS KJ those those stage. RS KJ.

05:58 PM: Yeah, that's me.

05:58 PM: Oh, I followed you already.

05:58 PM: Okay, okay, that that's right. That's right. Um I'll have to like I dropped down from the call of I have a meeting somebody. So I'll just definitely shift into 12:12:30 or so.

05:58 PM: So yeah, that's basically um um who who's going to be our social media manager? It's time for us to just share the love in this.

05:59 PMRyan Kagy: Uh so if everyone wants to check that Google document here, um that's been pinned, uh for everyone who wants to volunteer for a certain role. We've got a list of roles here um that are ready for volunteers. Um so if you want to put yourself in the running for a role, please put your name down. Um and I'll be kind of just checking with everybody who uh has put their name down for a role just to see if it's the best fit. And we'll get started with um with those members um that I'll I'll help to kind of figure out if if uh if it's the right fit for them. Uh and then from there it'll be pretty much that council will be in charge from then on. Um and then we'll have a re-election every three months uh where the chapter members will kind of put themselves up for these same roles uh again. Um so yeah, uh if you guys want to go ahead and put your names down for whatever role you think would be best. Um and I'll go ahead and get um a selection probably here in the next like few hours. Uh so yeah, if you want to go ahead and put your your your name in the hat for whatever role. Um it'd be a good time to do that now.

06:00 PM: Okay, okay, that that means the the person that handed the Google book will have to make it open.

06:00 PM: Yeah, you see that right now. Okay, great. It's open so everyone can edit.

06:00 PM: Oh, thanks. Thanks, thanks, thanks, thanks.

06:00 PMRyan Kagy: Okay, I made a few suggestions if you want to confirm those ones. Or I guess I can hit the accept button myself now. There we go.

06:00 PM: Yeah, I did. Then you can see correction, right?

06:01 PMRyan Kagy: Yeah, I went ahead and accepted those ones. There we go.

06:01 PMRyan Kagy: Cool. Yeah, so if you guys want to just kind of list yourselves like um under the potential roles like uh, you know, you can just kind of like have a comma separated list of names of whoever wants to be considered. Um if you put your Telegram username there, it'll probably be easier that way. I can just like make sure I know um who's who. And if we have like we should start uh I think we started a little bit of a um like a chart of like who's who in terms of like uh Telegram names lining up with actual real names. Uh I think we had some people uh saying their real names in here in the chat already. If we want to like just get a a chart here in this document. Um that way I can just make sure that, you know, if you've put your real name in there, I'll know who the Telegram name is.

06:02 PMRyan Kagy: And then yeah, I got to I got to head to my next thing too, but let's definitely continue on this. Um I want to get some more stuff done.

06:02 PMRyan Kagy: today. Uh, Arte, I know that you got to head out to, uh, I think you just mentioned, but um, let's get the event up on the website tonight too. I'm going to work on that next after I finish this next thing. But I got to head out. So good, good meeting you guys. Really good productive meeting.


